On Tuesday, the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) announced that it had teamed up with GQ magazine to release an article titled “HOTTEST SUMMER EVER: Climate Change Will Definitely Heat up Earth (But Not Your Bedroom!)” in this month’s issue of the periodical. The intent of the article is to bring awareness to the threat of the irreversible and destructive effects of climate change, along with a sobering reminder that the majority of readers would most likely die alone.

The report occupied four pages of the men’s lifestyle magazine and highlighted studies on the planet’s weather patterns and ocean currents, and growing instability in atmospheric conditions. Although the report also predicted increasing chances of surprise thunderstorms that would, hypothetically, “be perfect excuses to run inside, strip off wet clothing, and bang one out in the mudroom,” the likelihood of such scenarios ever coming to be were about as slim as global warming being a natural phase in Earth’s longterm climate behavior.

In addition, the IPCC, along with a creative team from the magazine, made efforts in other media to broadcast their message. To complement the report, the panel staged a press conference and posted it to the GQ website. The video, titled, “Climate change DEBRIEFING: last-ditch summer flings for increasingly unstable global weather patterns” was of a man pleading with a woman to date him on a beach overrun with walruses and other displaced sea life fighting in a growing pile of gore over precious beach real estate.

The IPCC’s efforts to bring greater awareness to climate change came about when it realized that many of its reports, no matter how well supported by empirical data and analyses performed by the world’s leading climatologists, were no longer able to able to draw the attention or belief of the general public, let alone the world’s politicians and policy makers. Realizing that many of these people, however, held the advice of men’s lifestyle magazines in higher esteem than any scientific or religious publication they’d read in their lives, they began targeting new media channels.

“GQ called us up one day wanted us to pitch a science article,” explained one NOAA scientist. “We thought, why the hell not? It’s not like we’re going to be taken too seriously anyway. Look, we know the best way to get people to listen is to prey on the existential fears of a large group of people. Here’s this men’s magazine — it’s the perfect outlet.”

In what the IPCC described as “indirect reverse psychology,” it hoped that by mildly insulting GQ readers, it would actually goad them into action. However, the IPCC’s faith in its negative motivation methods may be misguided, according to its reader polls. “Yeah, I’ve been reading these articles for years,” explained Blake McCreery, a longtime GQ reader. “But I always thought they were jokes. I know that the possibility of me ever becoming as eloquent, attractive, tall, and interesting as the men portrayed in this rag is low, but it’s attainable. Ten feet of sea level rise by 2050 and ocean acidification, though? I’m not holding my breath.”

Upon hearing that the report had not gone over so well, the GQ creative team was unfazed. GQ Creative Director and IPCC liaison believe that the article will be effective because of the inherent insecurities most men feel. “You tell a man just how poorly he’s doing in the sack, and he’ll do crunches and kegels until he forgets what unclenching feels like. You then associate that weakness with the environmental harm that’s being done on a daily basis, and maybe he’ll want to do something about that too. Just maybe.”
