San Diego based Start-Up Intechuline announced on September 12th that its product, the Bate-n-Switch, will hit shelves by early October 2015. The product, marketed as “The First Sex Toy for Men, by Men” first made waves at the recent Consumer Electronics Show. It was designed by Intechuline to be “A full body sexual experience, meeting every one of a man’s sexual needs.”

“It’s so much more than just a sex toy,” said COO Eric Anderson in their center stage announcement. “We’re done just objectifying women. The future is making objects into women, and we are on the cutting edge of that.”

“We thought, you know, for too long the sex toy industry for men interested in women has been dominated by female run companies. We sat down at the drawing board and thought of what makes the perfect woman. And Johnny stands up and says ‘Bro, she’s GOT to have double-D breasts!’ And I go ‘You’re damn right she’s got to!’ and that broke the ice and we all just got rolling,” said Anderson of Intechuline’s design process.

The final model is slated to feature double-D breasts, a 14” waist, 43” hips, an oversized mouth, long nails made of aircraft grade aluminum for increased durability, one larger thigh and one slender thigh — to fit a variety of preferences for curves — and six to eight tongues arranged in a circular pattern, depending on whether one purchases the deluxe model.

Users may also unzip the skin covering, revealing the whirring mechanical creature underneath, in order to switch between a variety of realistic skin tones, included free of charge, in just a few minutes. Consumer Electronics called it “A grotesque mockery of human life” and “Something I’m not personally interested in, but that I can see there being a real market for”.

“It’s really everything any woman should be or have,” said Anderson.

“And hey, some dudes like taking it, and that’s cool too,” said Greg Henley, President and sole member of the company’s R&D Department. “So we put in a cover, just over the pubis plate, and with one button press, it extends a hypoallergenic ... well you know. We call it the Subtle-Extender.”

“The Bate-n-Switch is also programmed with a variety of context specific vocal cues, like ‘Your dick is amazing’, ‘Wow, your dick’, and ‘Oh my God, your dick, just... God,” said Henley.

“We don’t just want to make a sex toy for us,” said Thomas Whitmor, one of the company founders. “We want to make a product for bros of all shapes, sizes, colors, and so on. For tall-bros, short-bros, skinny-bros, fatbros, bros of every ethnicity, trans-bros, and any genderbro-fluids or a-bro-gendered bros.”

To this end, the Bate-n-Switch is slated to launch with features to make it more accessible to many different men, including a spinal extender that can adjust the units’ height from 4’8” all the way to 6’10” and a patented self-sizing vaginal band “for guys of all sizes.”

The project has not been free of roadblocks, according to Jake Walker. “It was really hard to dial in that self sizing band’s tension. There were some... bad times. Also, we had a problem for a long time with the Subtle-Extender module. You know, taking it is still an interest a lot of bros are embarrassed by, so we’d put a really strong spring on it in order to be able to retract the dildo really fast in case you get walked in on.”

“Problem was, we couldn’t figure out how to reduce the force of the spring when it was extending it, and it had a tendency to... break off of it’s mounting. And kind of fire through whatever’s in front of it, including walls or a human sk-“ said Walker, before staring out the window for a long time.

He never finished the sentence; however, rumors claim that on the housing of the first prototypes extender casing is carved “Rest in Peace Schmidty. Phi Sigma in life, Phi Sigma in Heaven.”
