While leading construction of a segment of fence on the Hungary-Serbia Border, Hungarian Officer Abel Pasko was reportedly unable to pinpoint the exact location of the border line between the two nations. After completion of the fence, it was concluded that it had been built either .85 meters too far north, or 100 kilometers too far south.

Pasko explained that upon arriving near the construction site, he began to develop doubts about his ability to locate the border.

“I was expecting there to be a difference in land, or at least one of those signs marking the entry to Serbia, but everything just looked the same when I got out there,” said Pasko. “I followed the directions given to me exactly, and walked 400 strides south of the big tree with the weird, long roots, but I’m not sure if I got the ‘walking with purpose, but not purposely widening your gait’ stride-length quite right.”

Pasko claimed that he felt pressured by the increasing number of refugees attempting to cross to start construction of the fence in spite of his uncertainties, and decided on a border location based on his shortest estimated stride length, to avoid accidently entering “foreign and possibly dangerous territory.”

As construction progressed, Pasko’s worries heightened. “I could have sworn when we started construction, that black rock over there was on the other side of the fence,” he exclaimed. However, to maintain control over the border area, he continued to act confident in his placement of the new Hungary-Serbia border, deciding it was best to “figure it out later.”

After, its completion, the fence was examined by a team of Hungarian Military officials and cartographers. The team also had trouble determining the exact border. “It depends a lot on which map you’re looking at,” cartographer Rob Horwath explained. “Some maps say that the border should be slightly further north than others. One had a random 5,000 km indent into Hungary in the east, which could have been an addition after the Battle of Cer in 1914, or the mapmaker sneezing at an inconvenient time.”

The border confusion has spurred controversy about whether or not to grant more refugees asylum, as many had been standing against the fence, which according to some maps is Hungarian territory, and others is deep into Serbian territory. Several refugees who have stood within .85 meters of the fence claimed since they had technically stayed in the country for several days they are entitled to asylum, or at least squatter’s rights.

Other situations made it increasingly difficult for the Hungarian government to maintain a consistent procedure or set of guidelines for dealing with new refugees. There have been reports that although several families were denied passage, baskets of food and a few animals close to the border have been hauled over the fence by guards who claimed that they were on Hungarian property. Still other refugees demand that the fence could be an invasion onto Serbian land, and are attempting to claim the 100 km bordering the Hungarian side of the fence as theirs.

Hungarian officials are drafting a temporary plan to deal with the border issue. Prime Minister Orban decided to assume the border was .85 meters south of the constructed fence, stating “that seemed like the easiest option,” and is considering granting people in the controversial range of the fence temporary asylum. Officials are still determining the cut off point for being “in” Hungary, as some people are positioned partially in Hungary territory, and partially in Serbia, however it is expected that a “two-thirds” rule will be implemented.
