A new study released Friday from the organization People Intensely For Freedom of Lawless Execution (PIFFLE) recently revealed a new discovery — 82 percent of university professors feel that being expected to have trigger warnings in class is either “greatly inhibiting” or “partially inhibiting” their ability to shoot their students.

Several PIFFLE members have reportedly expressed their excitement about the results of the study, including PIFFLE spokesperson Hunter Gunterson, who stated, “Ha! So there!”

Trigger warnings are a radical new concept that has been sweeping the nation in the past few years: warning people ahead of time before opening fire on them. The concept has been gaining ground in activist circles, but is still particularly controversial in two realms: academia, and law enforcement.

A group of supporters of trigger warnings in educational environments, called the Society Against Violent Educational Methods and Exhibitions (SAVEME), contends that they give students “a tiny sliver of a fighting chance to survive in a world which already threatens to destroy them in a multitude of ways, from metaphorically slowing rotting their souls to physically crushing their bodies beneath great weights.”

The mission statement of SAVEME reads “We hope to provide a safe learning environment for students, or at least, as safe as one can expect in this world of disease and mayhem and death, which, sure, isn’t a lot of safety, but hey, look, we’re not the one’s trying to shoot your kids alright? God, I can’t believe we’re still arguing about this.” This concluded the mission statement.

Last June, SAVEME released a landmark study showing that not only do schools which adopt trigger warnings have notably higher survival rates, they also have notably lower transfer rates. Both the methodology of the SAVEME study and the meaningfulness of the results have been the subject of heated debate.

PIFFLE now believes its new study has refuted the SAVEME study. Gunterson said “Our new study is an important part of debunking that ridiculous excuse for a study put out by SAVEME last year. Did you see that thing? It wasn’t even in Times New Roman! How incompetent can you get?” The study was printed in Cambria, a font similar to Times New Roman, and the title was in Helvetica.

Gutterson continued, “The PIFFLE study is entirely in Times New Roman 12-point font, double spaced, as it should be. We respect academia. Piffle. We won’t let that happen.” (Note: later reports suggest that Gutterson might have instead stated “PIFFLE. We won’t let that happen. At press time, he was being contacted for clarification).

The PIFFLE study includes qualitative and quantitative data, along with many anonymously quoted professors. One professor, strongly against trigger warnings, reported “Goddamn socialists think they can tell people how to teach. Next thing you know they’ll be trying to take our guns away altogether and giving all professors scripts to read from.” However, another, who rated themselves as “moderately in favor of trigger warnings,” said “It’s not as if we’re cops. There basically aren’t even black kids in the classrooms. Maybe we should give the university students a break, make classrooms safe spaces.”

Gunterson responded to the remark, “as we always say to that sort of thing, piffle [sic].”
